[EDU-6371] Update terminology in devtools docs en (#2)
VitorEltz/azion-docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/api-graphql/limits/limits.mdx

## Query rows limit

> You can query up to *10,000 rows per query*. The **limit** field in your query controls this restriction, and you can set it as you desire as long as it doesn’t surpass the limit. If you surpass it, the API will return a error responses message informing the issue.

Author: ```suggestion
You can query up to *10,000 rows per query*. The **limit** field in your query controls this restriction, and you can set it as you desire as long as it doesn’t surpass the limit. If you surpass it, the API will return an error response message informing the issue.
```
